SENSORS
1. 9 Axis DOF IMU - BNO085. Sensor fusion integrated into the chip, reduces the need for MCU Kalman filters etc and therefore reduces MCU load and increases reliability
2. Barometer for altitude / temperature - BMP580. Can be connected straight to MCU or through a passthrough for “Environmental Sensors” through the BNO085, this is harder to implement but it may simplify circuitry use less I2C lines.
3. STM32 processor. Which one? Needs to be dual core

CONTROL
1. GPIO PWM outputs connected to 4 (more if there is space) groups of 3 pin headers for the ESCs, backup 5V power will also be taken from here as ESCs also step-down power to 5V. Located preferably in a symmetric position or spread out symmetrically so all the wires are extended the same.
2. PWM Inputs from the Radio Receiver (6 groups of also 3 pin headers, more if there is space and GPIO availability). These must OUTPUT 5V as well because the receiver needs a voltage input to function, unlike the ESCs that make their own.

POWER
1. USB C port connection on the back of the board
2. Female XT60 power connector with appropriate step down for MCU and sensors (Not LDO as components will likely consume too much current for too high a step down from ~14V)
3. Dual connection with diodes to both the ESC power outputs but also a voltage reducer like LDO or buck reducer on the USB C for redundancy if the LDO/buck dies.
4. Each side of the board will also have 2 (Maybe more if there's space) XT60 connectors powering the ESCs/motors

CAMERA SUPPORT
1. Caddx Ant (Lite) camera
2. 75-ohm impedance matched trace from JST-SH 1.0?mm connector to VID_IN of OSD Injector
3. MAX7456 OSD injector connected through communication protocol to MCU
4. MAC7456 VID_OUT connected through another 75-ohm impedance matched trace to TX5813 VID_IN
5. TX5813 SMD VTX + necessary support electronics + switch for on/off as VTX is very power hungry
6. 50-ohm impedance matched / ground trace from ANTENNA pad to an SMA connector
7. Antenna
Plus, appropriate ground plane and distances from other electronics such as MCU and switching regulators

OTHER
1. 12V LED control with up to 200mA+ of power available from GPIO.
2. SD Card module also placed wherever best, far away from the VTX module and preferably close to the MCU
3. I2C and SPI output headers for any future addition of sensors/logging/modules
4. 4 segment display (3 if not enough GPIO) plus a few tactile buttons (again GPIO limited) to allow easy tweaking of PID control values and other settings without the need for reupload of code.
5. Voltage divider for voltage sensing.
6. Voltage and current sensing on main power rail

USE 0805 LEDS FOR BASIC COMPONENT

